10:33 PM

I forgot that the course that I am taking has already started... After taking this course and dropping it many times in the past, I'd say
that, I'm off to a ***bad start*** because I am busy with my enrollment as a second-year university student tomorrow, so I'd have spent
two days already.

Let me explain my purpose of joining this course through answering the entrance survey.

I am planning on completing course materials to earn a certificate, but not getting the certificate itself because I don't have enough
money to pay for it.

This course is extremely important to me because it is the key to advancing my formal education; It's a way to
master the introduction to computer science, and learn in advance the topics that I'll be tackling this August (Hopefully at least
a little of Algorithms and a bit of object-oriented programming);

To learn from the best professors and universities, to gain insight on Computer Science topics and the real-world problems that can be
solved with it;

To learn from my peers and to help them. Either from my classmates in my university or from MITx. We shall help each other to make use of
our true capabilities.

To be competent and confident, become qualified in the jobs that will open up after taking this course.

To have access to course materials to completement the classes, not all professors and instructors can teach everything, I have to learn
all of them myself.

I am slightly familiar. I am going to discard what I already know for now and tackle this course with a new and curious mind.
